journald: add examples to show user journal logs (#297)
flatcar-linux/flatcar-docs: docs/provisioning/config-transpiler/examples.md

          [Install]
          WantedBy=default.target

>     - path: /etc/userdb/flatcar:systemd-journal.membership

Reviewer: Since we had to add `systemd-journal` as regular group to make tmpfiles work for `/var/log/journal`, I think we can also use the normal Ignition group adding in this example.

This example creates a new systemd user unit called `hello.service`, enables it with an explicit symlink (workaround for Ignition) so it will run on boot, and defines the contents to simply echo `"Hello, World!"`.

> _Note_: adding a regular user like "flatcar" can be useful if you want to access the journal logs with `journalctl --user --unit hello.service` otherwise you can access logs with `journactl --user-unit hello.service` from default `core` user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note_: Adding a regular user like "flatcar" to the `systemd-journal` group can be useful if you want to access the journal logs with `journalctl --user --unit hello.service`. You can already access logs with `journactl --user-unit hello.service` from the default `core` user.
```
